# hello-world
test github pages

My name is Brandon Scott Barney.  I'm an American who was born in Ohio from two Americans from different ethnic but a shared mid-western cultural background and perspective. My father is an Italian-Swiss Jew and my mother is an African-American Christian.  My father died when I was five years old and my mother never recovered so I was raised by my extended family, primarily my grandfather and my great-uncle, and the "village" of Beachwood, Ohio.  I spent a lot of time in the Beachwood public library and I hope that my life is the embodiment of the mission of the Beachwood Schools to educate intellectual entrepreneurs with a social conscience.  My first job was working as a manual laborer on my family's farm in Mississippi, from there I worked as a property manager's assistant, cutting grass and helping fix electrical systems for income properties.  At age 9 I started working as a computer technician and worked upgraded and repairing computers.  I worked as a janitor in a church and in food service as a teenager while tutoring people in math and science.  I worked at a law firm, where I started in the mail room and ended up in the server room with plenty of experiences interviewing clients and preparing cases for settlement or trial.  While at Santa Monica College, I served as the student representative to the Santa Monica District Planning and Advisory Commission where I pushed administrators and faculty to help students succeed by reducing prices of books and public transportation.  I have started online travel companies, student and Airbnb property management businesses, worked as a concierge at a Venice Beach hostel/hotel, I have started media companies and currently am the host and producer of a weekly segment on the future of science and technology that is broadcast on public radio frequencies throughout Southern California, I have developed and direct a STEAM job training program, I serve on the board of directors of a medical research non-profit and an orchestra, I advise one pastor and one rabbi on how to connect ethical traditions with modern culture.  I have advised on social media app startups and bike sharing startups.  I operate a digitization and engagement grant in partnership with the largest independent public radio archive and the library of congress to digitize and make avaialble on the internet the cultural riches of American culture.  I am on the mayors council for innovation and technology in the city of los angeles and I serve on the venice media district subcommittee of my local chamber of commerce.  I live with my girlfriend, who I love, Wenjing Huang, a researcher who works at a think tank and we are thinking about adopting a dog.
